                         MAN (V.O.)
          Yeah?

Data now slashes across the screen, information flashing
faster than we can read:  "Call trans opt:  received.
2-19-96 13:24:18  REC:Log>."

                         WOMAN (V.O.)
          Is everything in place?

The man is silent.  On screen:  "Trace program:  running."

We listen to the phone conversation as though we were on a
third line.  The man's name is Cypher.  The woman,
Trinity.

                         TRINITY (WOMAN) (V.O.)
          I said, is everything in place?

The entire screen fills with racing columns of numbers.
Shimmering like green-electric rivers, they rush at a 10-
digit phone number in the top corner.

                         CYPHER (MAN) (V.O.)
          You weren't supposed to relieve me.

                         TRINITY (V.O.)
          I know but I felt like taking a
          shift.

The area code is identified.  The first three numbers
suddenly fixed, leaving only seven flowing columns.

                         CYPHER (V.O.)
          You like him, don't you?  You like
          watching him?

We begin MOVING TOWARD the screen, CLOSING IN as each
digit is matched, one by one, snapping into place like the
wheels of a slot machine.

                         TRINITY (V.O.)
          Don't be ridiculous.

                         CYPHER (V.O.)
          We're going to kill him.  Do you
          understand that?  He's going to die
          just like the others.

                         TRINITY (V.O.)
          Morpheus believes he is the One.

Only two thin digits left.

                         CYPHER (V.O.)
          Do you?

                         TRINITY (V.O.)
          I... it doesn't matter what I
          believe.

                         CYPHER (V.O.)
          You don't, do you?

                         TRINITY (V.O.)
          If you have something to say, I
          suggest you say it to Morpheus.

                         CYPHER (V.O.)
          I intend to, believe me.  Someone
          has to.

The final NUMBER POPS into place --

                         TRINITY (V.O.)
          Did you hear that?

                         CYPHER (V.O.)
          Hear what?

On screen:  "Trace complete. Call origin:  #312-555-0690."

                         TRINITY (V.O.)
          Are you sure this line is clean?

                         CYPHER (V.O.)
          Yeah, 'course I'm sure.

We MOVE, STILL CLOSING, the ELECTRIC HUM of the green
NUMBERS GROWING into an ominous ROAR.

                         TRINITY (V.O.)
          I better go.

She hangs up as we PASS THROUGH the numbers, entering the
nether world of the computer screen.

Suddenly, a flashlight cuts open the darkness and we find
ourselves in --


INT.  CHASE HOTEL - NIGHT

The hotel was abandoned after a fire licked its way across
the polyester carpeting, destroying several rooms as it
spooled soot up the walls and ceiling, leaving patterns of
permanent shadow.

We FOLLOW four armed POLICE OFFICERS using flashlights as
they creep down the blackened hall and ready themselves on
either side of Room 303.

The biggest of them violently kicks in the door --

The other cops pour in behind him, guns thrust before
them.

                         BIG COP
          Police!  Freeze!

The room is almost devoid of furniture.  There is a fold-
up table and chair with a phone, a modem, and a Powerbook
computer.  The only light in the room is the glow of the
computer.

Sitting there, her hands still on the keyboard, is
TRINITY; a woman in black leather.

                         BIG COP
          Hands behind your head!  Now!  Do
          it!

She slowly puts her hands behind her head.


EXT.  CHASE HOTEL - NIGHT

A black sedan with tinted windows glides in through the
police cruisers.

AGENT SMITH and AGENT BROWN get out of the car.

They wear dark suits and sunglasses even at night.  They
are also always hardwired; small Secret Service earphones
in one ear, the cord coiling back into their shirt
collars.

                         AGENT SMITH
          Lieutenant?

                         LIEUTENANT
          Oh shit.

                         AGENT SMITH
          Lieutenant, you were given specific
          orders --

                         LIEUTENANT
          I'm just doing my job.  You gimme
          that Juris-my-dick-tion and you can
          cram it up your ass.

                         AGENT SMITH
          The orders were for your
          protection.

The Lieutenant laughs.

                         LIEUTENANT
          I think we can handle one little
          girl.

Agent Smith nods to Agent Brown as they start toward the
hotel.

                         LIEUTENANT
          I sent two units.  They're bringing
          her down now.

                         AGENT SMITH
          No, Lieutenant, your men are already
          dead.


INT.  CHASE HOTEL

The Big Cop flicks out his cuffs, the other cops holding a
bead.  They've done this a hundred times, they know
they've got her, until the Big Cop reaches with the cuffs
and Trinity moves --

It almost doesn't register, so smooth and fast, inhumanly
fast.

The eye blinks and Trinity's palm snaps up and his nose
explodes, blood erupting.  Her leg kicks with the force of
a wrecking ball and he flies back, a two-hundred-fifty
pound sack of limp meat and bone that slams into the cop
farthest from her.

Trinity moves again, BULLETS RAKING the WALLS, flashlights
sweeping with panic as the remaining cops try to stop a
leather-clad ghost.

A GUN still in the cop's hand is snatched, twisted and
FIRED.  There is a final violent exchange of GUNFIRE and
when it's over, Trinity is the only one standing.

A flashlight rocks slowly to a stop.

                         TRINITY
          Shit.


EXT.  CHASE HOTEL

Agent Brown enters the hotel while Agent Smith heads for
the alley.


INT.  CHASE HOTEL

Trinity is on the phone, pacing.  The other end is
answered.

                         MAN (V.O.)
          Operator.

                         TRINITY
          Morpheus!  The line was traced!  I
          don't know how.

                         MORPHEUS (MAN) (V.O.)
          I know.  They cut the hardline.
          This line is not a viable exit.

                         TRINITY
          Are they any agent?

                         MORPHEUS (V.O.)
          Yes.

                         TRINITY
          Goddamnit!

                         MORPHEUS (V.O.)
          You have to focus.  There is a
          phone.  Wells and Lake.  You can
          make it.

She takes a deep breath, centering herself.

                         TRINITY
          All right --

                         MORPHEUS (V.O.)
          Go.

She drops the phone.


INT.  HALL

She bursts out of the room as Agent Brown enters the hall,
leading another unit of police.  Trinity races to the
opposite end, exiting through a broken window onto the
fire escape.


EXT.  FIRE ESCAPE

In the alley below, Trinity sees Agent Smith staring at
her.  She can only go up.


EXT.  ROOF

On the roof, Trinity is running as Agent Brown rises over
the parapet, leading the cops in pursuit.

Trinity begins to jump from one roof to the next, her
movements so clean, gliding in and out of each jump,
contrasted to the wild jumps of the cops.

Agent Brown, however, has the same unnatural grace.

The metal SCREAM of an elevated TRAIN is heard and Trinity
turns to it, racing for the back of the building.

The edge falls away into a wide back alley.  The next
building is over 40 feet away but Trinity's face is
perfectly calm, staring at some point beyond the other
roof.

The cops slow, realizing they are about to see something
ugly as Trinity drives at the edge, launching herself into
the air.

From above, the ground seems to flow beneath her as she
hangs in flight --

Then hitting, somersaulting up, still running hard.

                         COP
          Mutherfucker -- that's impossible!

They stare, slack-jawed, as Agent Brown duplicates the
move exactly, landing, rolling over a shoulder up onto one
knee.

Just below the building are the RUMBLING TRACKS of riveted
steel.  The TRAIN SCREECHES beneath her, a RATTLING blur
of gray metal.  Trinity jumps, landing easily.

She looks back just as Agent Brown hurls through the air
barely reaching the last car --

Agent Brown stands, yanking out a gun.

Trinity is running hard as BULLETS WHISTLE past her head.

Ahead she sees her only chance, 50 feet beyond the point
where the train has begun to turn, there is --

A window; a yellow glow in the midst of a dark brick
building.

Trinity zeros in on it, running as hard as she can, her
speed compounded by the train.  The SCREAM of the STEEL
rises as she nears the edge where the train rocks into the
turn.

Trinity hurtles into the empty night space, her body
leveling into a dive.  She falls, arms covering her head
as --


HER POV

The whole world seems to spin on its axis --


BACK TO SCENE

And she crashes with an EXPLOSION of GLASS and WOOD, then
falls onto a back stairwell, tumbling, bouncing down
stairs bleeding, broken --

But still alive.

Through the smashed window, she glimpses Agent Brown,
still on the train, his tie and coat whipping in the wind;
stone-faced, he touches his ear piece as the train slides
him past the window.

Trinity tries to move.  Everything hurts.

                         TRINITY
          Get up, Trinity.  You're fine.  Get
          up -- just get up!